hello, good morning everyone, first of all thanks to give me the oppertunitie , my name is smit thakarar , and i am from keshod,junagadh, currently i am pursuing JAVA web developement course from TOPS technologies c.g road Ahmedabad,there i have completed my basics like c,c++,database,html,css, and  I have completed my graduation in becholer of computer application from Narsinh Mehta University, Junagadh. 

my hobby is to play cricket that I play once or twice in a week when i am free bcoz it makes me more energetic and also I learn from that a person has to connect with other team members and also learn that how team work helps you to become succeed in your task. Moreover, I also like to do workout in gym for maintaining my physical and mental well being. and also i work as a volunteer in every jalaram jayanti in my hometown. 

I belong to a joint family which included 5 members; grandparents they are living their retier life,father he is doing his own business,mother she is homemaker and me, 



i like eat south indian cuisine more then any other. and in south indian i like dosa and idli the most. 

I like to watch movies based on indian army for example Uri, Fighter, etc.

In 2022 on the day of gandhi jayani my father had an accident in which he was injured very badely so doctor have suggested him the bed rest of 6 month in that time period i have handeled the whole business of my father alone at that time i dont know how to do  but i learn whole busiines by my self in 6 months and i had handle very well. on the basis of this i can say that i am quick lerner and can adapt new skills easly and quickly, i can work alone and as well as in a team.


but i want grow my self in IT field. because i like to work with computers since i was in my school days, thats why i chose to complete my graduation in bechelors of computer application where i was class represantative at my collage from that i learned many skills like people managment, time managment, also events managment  


